Update ports doc (#2477)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/yaml-spec.rst

      disk_tier: 'medium'

      # Ports to expose (optional).

>       # All ports specified here will be exposed to the public internet. Under the hood.
>       # we add a firewall rule / inbound rule to allow traffic to these ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      # All ports specified here will be exposed to the public Internet. Under the hood,
      # a firewall rule / inbound rule is automatically added to allow inbound traffic to 
      # these ports. Applies to all VMs of a cluster created with this field set. 
```
